feat(eslint-plugin): [no-useless-template-literals] rename to `no-useless-template-expression` (deprecate `no-useless-template-literals`) (#8821)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/no-useless-template-literals.mdx

>
> See **https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-useless-template-literals** for documentation.

This rule reports template literals that contain substitution expressions (also variously referred to as embedded expressions or string interpolations) that are unnecessary and can be simplified.

:::warning

> This rule is being renamed to [`no-useless-template-expression`](./no-useless-template-expression.mdx).

Reviewer: [Docs] I think this admonition orders things a little differently from how users would expect to read it. Maybe instead the order could be:

1. This rule is being renamed (as-is)
2. The current name will be removed
3. (blank line)
4. Deeper explanation

That way we get the pertinent info first, then the explanation later.

Author: I wrote this to parallel [the deprecation notice for no-useless-template-literal](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-throw-literal/)

https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/blob/0bd126fb44810b731eb8f336019c40a07964a0e1/packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/no-useless-template-literals.mdx#L14-L21

Should we update that too?

Reviewer: Yeah! Good call :smil

After the creation of this rule, it was realized that the name `no-useless-template-literals` could be misleading, seeing as this rule only targets template literals with substitution expressions.
In particular, it does _not_ aim to flag useless template literals that look like `` `this` `` and could be simplified to `"this"`.

> If you are looking for such a rule, you can configure the [`quotes`](./quotes.mdx) rule to do this.

Reviewer: Heh, and `quotes` has the big _🔥 Deprecated_ notice that points to [@stylistic/ts/quotes](https://eslint.style/rules/ts/quotes). Let's point to that instead.

```suggestion
If you are looking for such a rule, you can configure the [`@stylistic/ts/quotes`](https://eslint.style/rules/ts/quotes) rule to do this.
```
